do not
and
[Music]
but combative
those who processed with your brother what
search
come back here is your younger brother and send
to these and then he told me that
had his box functions give in him
promised sweeties then a lie and
to describe this that I got was the
best friend but he betrayed me he will pay
For this
I like to share the video with all the
community as cadet all flags
of the video or leave the pj
[Music]
but why is it that everyone wants to
this big minutes video of the games
thaksin I know you said I 'm going to
share the video he retired he was going to
youtube bring them to everyone
I saw that everyone
no organization has won this
hard cheerful party
[Music]
the emigration to me be it anymore I'm going to
do I'm going to open that damn
town and I'm going to clean my name
goodbye
two
[Music]
and it's been many years and in most
of having forgotten this video and this
generated a part of youtube
from now on we will be able in
this organization but if your name
[Music]
my name
LOL